Add Rancher Desktop and Docker Desktop as options for managing containers and Kubernetes locally (#139)
spinkube/documentation: content/en/docs/spin-operator/tutorials/integrating-with-docker-desktop.md

![Docker Desktop Extensions](/docker-desktop-extensions.png)

Please ensure that you press "Apply & restart" to save any changes.

Click on Features in development from the menu on the left, and enable the following two options:

- "Use containerd for pulling and storing images": This turns on `containerd` support, which is necessary for Wasm.
- "Enable Wasm": This installs the Wasm subsystem, which includes `containerd` shims and Spin (among other things).

![Docker Desktop Enable Wasm](/docker-desktop-enable-wasm.png)

Make sure you press "Apply & restart" to save the changes.

Docker Desktop is Wasm-ready!

Click on "Kubernetes" and check the "Enable Kubernetes" box, as shown below.

![Enable Kubernetes](/docker-desktop-enable-kubernetes.png)

Again, make sure you press "Apply & restart" to save the changes.

### SpinKube

> The following commands are from the [SpinKube Quickstart guide](../quickstart/_index.md). Please refer to the quickstart if you have any queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following commands are from the [SpinKube Quickstart guide]({{< ref "quickstart" >}}). Please refer to the quickstart if you have any queries.
```
